FORMULA 1: The most technology advanced and most popular in the whole world, the Formula One racing is a blast to watch! It looks obvious when you look at the car and sees that is a prototype alien build to be fast in a racing track but those super fast cars go over 250km/h+ around corners and get up to 370km/h in a stright line! They run by a hybrid Power Unit wich is an twin-turbo engine combined with eletric power wich is recharged when the driver breaks. And another impressive fact is that those good-looking machines are born from the hands of very hard working engineers in groups that can go around 1000 engineers per factory! There is a lot those guys do to make the cars go fast around corners and straight lines at the same time without having to change the bodywork or the whole concept it self must be really hard, you can take a look at what Indy Car teams have to do when they compete for the Indianapolis 500. Every one of the 10 teams do whatever they can to build the quickest car from scratch to beat the rivals and dispite the cars look very similar, they are very distingueshd from each other in details and i think i didn't mentioned, they're fast. Click on the image with the F1 car to visit they're official website!

WEC: In this championship the cars are super fast protypes built from scratch, just like in Formula One! But unlike the most racing categories, the World Endurance Championship has multi-class races. That means we have the LMP1 class, LMP2 and the GT3 class in the same track, in the same race as long the race have at least 12h length (i think. I'm gonna research that but trust me this will be very informative). "Wait! So they go for full 12h races? How can someone drive at 200km/h for 12 hours straitgh?", you might be asking yourself... Well, there are even 24 hours races like the famous 24h of Le Mans! But unlike Formula One, the teams in the WEC have three drivers for each car and they can compete at the same race with at least 1 car (obviously) and up to 3 cars (also up for research) while in Formula One the teams have to build at least 2 cars having only one driver per car.

The sun is shining and the birds are singing, everything looks so bright and colorful. Children are playing and the dogs are barking like there's no tomorrow... Maybe, because there will be no tomorrow. "Why?!" you may ask, it's because i'm getting into town and my name is Godzilla!!